### Hello everyone 👋

I am Adwaith, currently a Business student at the ESCP Business School in the Master in Management programme. I am part of MDI Gurgaon's PGDM-IB programme. At the moment, a few fields that interest me are Operations Management, Logistics, Supply Chain Management, Aviation & Airport Management and Finance. I am interested/intend to understand and solve interesting business problems in these fields using Operations Research, Quantitative Methods, Machine Learning.

Previously, I worked at Cisco Systems Bangalore as a software engineer for about 4 years. I was part of Cisco's MIG (Mass-Scale Infrastructure Group) security team. It was a router security team for the MIG vertical which sold carrier grade routers (routers for service-providers like Airtel, Jio, AT&T, Verizon etc., and data-center customers like Google, Facebook, Amazon etc.,). I graduated with a Bachelor in Technology in Computer Science and Engineering from the National Institute of Technology Karnataka, batch of 2020.

I was fascinated with Computer Systems and Security and spent a solid 6 years of my life in that field, 2 as a student exploring the field and 4 working in the field. I have blogged on various subjects of Computer Security extensively back in the time, you can find them [here](https://www.agautham.io/archive/), in case you are interested.

I was a typical engineer who dissed at the management and managers, like how most engineers do for no good reason. At some point in life I started feeling I need a change and I decided to pursue a degree in management, a part of corporate I had absolutely no idea about. In June 2024, I got into a good B-School in India and it has been great so far. As of Jannary 2025, I am in Europe for an exchange year. I have taken up AI and Big Data for Business Innovation as my specialization. Although I have a good programming background, my experience in AI-ML is rather limited because it somehow never interested me back then. Now modelling interesting business problems and trying to solve them using simple techniques like linear/non-linear programming to using statistics to optimally manage that inventory, using some type of Regression to forecast the customer demand or use Machine Learning to solve issues a particular supply chain has - I find these interesting at the moment. It seems to be a blend of modelling-programming-solving which goes well with my background, the nack and knowledge I have and what I want to do in near future - work in the management and help solve management problems. Although I find Finance interesting too, somehow the field of logistics has taken over my mind for a while now, and I am in the process of learning and applying different quantitative methods to understand various logistics problems. At some point I am guessing these quantitative methods should help me dive into Finance like how Linear programming can be used to solve a facility location problem and portfolio optimization problem - because they both are constraint-optimization problems after all. So yes, focus is on learning mathematics and programming along with its applications in one field, and only hoping it will come in handy if at all I want to explore some other field of management.

That is all about me. Moving forward, good chance I will be blogging about management problems or related stuff that I find interesting.

Cheers,
Adwaith
